README.md, before:

![conduit][logo]

[![Build Status][ci-badge]][ci]
[![GitHub license][license-badge]](LICENSE)
[![Slack Status][slack-badge]][slack]

:balloon: Welcome to Conduit! :wave:

Conduit is an ultralight service mesh for Kubernetes from the makers of [Linkerd][l5d]. It
features a native proxy, written in [Rust][rust], that boasts the performance of C without
all the heartbleed.

Conduit is **experimental**. Currently, it _only supports HTTP/2_ and is especially
well-suited for [gRPC][grpc]. Follow our progress towards production-readiness here and on
[twitter][twitter].

<!-- TODO add roadmap link -->

## Code of Conduct

This project is for everyone. We ask that our users and contributors take a few
minutes to review our [code of conduct][coc].

## License

Copyright 2017, Buoyant Inc. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

<!-- refs -->
[ci]: https://travis-ci.org/runconduit/conduit
[ci-badge]: https://travis-ci.org/runconduit/conduit.svg?branch=master
[coc]: https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd/wiki/Linkerd-code-of-conduct
<!-- [examples]: https://github.com/runconduit/conduit-examples -->
[grpc]: https://grpc.io/
[l5d]: https://linkerd.io/
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/linkerd/linkerd.svg
[logo]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/240738/33589722-649152de-d92f-11e7-843a-b078ac889a39.png
<!-- [releases]: https://github.com/runconduit/conduit -->
[rust]: https://rust-lang.org/
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/runconduit/
[slack-badge]: http://slack.linkerd.io/badge.svg
[slack]: http://slack.linkerd.io

Commit message:

updates to README linking to docs and getting started

README.md, after:

![conduit][logo]

[![Build Status][ci-badge]][ci]
[![GitHub license][license-badge]](LICENSE)
[![Slack Status][slack-badge]][slack]

:balloon: Welcome to Conduit! :wave:

Conduit is an ultralight service mesh for Kubernetes from the makers of [Linkerd][l5d]. It
features a native proxy, written in [Rust][rust], that boasts the performance of C without
all the heartbleed.

Conduit is **experimental**. Currently, it _only supports HTTP/2_ and is especially
well-suited for [gRPC][grpc]. Follow our progress towards production-readiness here and on
[Twitter][Twitter].

<!-- TODO add roadmap link -->

## Documentation

View [Conduit docs][conduit-docs] for more a more comprehensive guide to getting started.

___

## Getting started with Conduit

### Install the Conduit CLI
`curl https://run.conduit.io/install | sh `

### Copy `/Users/username/.conduit/bin/conduit` into your PATH

### Run `conduit install | kubectl apply -f -` to install Conduit

### Check to make sure you're running the latest version _(0.1.0)_ of Conduit:
`conduit version`

### Open the local version the Conduit controller with `conduit dashboard`

_To install a demo application on your Conduit install, visit [Conduit docs][conduit-demo].
___

## Code of Conduct

This project is for everyone. We ask that our users and contributors take a few minutes to review our [code of conduct][coc].

## License

Copyright 2017, Buoyant Inc. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

<!-- refs -->
[ci]: https://travis-ci.org/runconduit/conduit
[ci-badge]: https://travis-ci.org/runconduit/conduit.svg?branch=master
[coc]: https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd/wiki/Linkerd-code-of-conduct
[conduit-demo]: https://conduit.io/getting-started/#install-the-demo-app
[conduit-docs]: https://conduit.io/docs/
<!-- [examples]: https://github.com/runconduit/conduit-examples -->
[grpc]: https://grpc.io/
[l5d]: https://linkerd.io/
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/linkerd/linkerd.svg
[logo]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/240738/33589722-649152de-d92f-11e7-843a-b078ac889a39.png
<!-- [releases]: https://github.com/runconduit/conduit -->
[rust]: https://rust-lang.org/
[Twitter]: https://twitter.com/runconduit/
[slack-badge]: http://slack.linkerd.io/badge.svg
[slack]: http://slack.linkerd.io
